only squirrels secrete the style I started
cooking dishes with what you put
boil the beans that was soaked on
day almost all other ingredients
here
add in bacon and which vegetables wears
Oslo says drove three chairs and butter
milliliters forty fifty one
bulb by half rings or quarters
fry on a big fire brisket
cutting off the skin and throwing out there is not
were going to option as I changed my mind and
throw out and pea soup I'll
use I cut bacon here
300 grams so medium sized
pieces in pieces and send the button
which roasted for five minutes gives
we cut carrots
of works
Well arbitrarily beginning circles about
comedian they are relatively speaking but not to
large
Ketchup island green island tasty
bag
because there is a lot of work
constantly stir the coal
3-4 carrot moment again after
checks cut pepper 2 pepper I
small pieces of the season pepper
add you taste this dish well process
goes goes
add pepper and sharp no brackets.
and then I remember we sin a pignon in general
the refrigerator forgot about them okay
quick so fluently cut six
seven pieces of plates frying plates but
additionally pan over high heat
3 me on this
especially check
ready the best receptionist literally 3-4
minutes we that magnet excess moisture
add zazharku less garlic cloves 56
small
hot already looks tantalizing
coriander stake stake cuttings black pepper
bully patrick
pepper gel suma cleansing
will not forget to present
the same bean that would be standing lights
almost ready
viewing
well, adding two cans
canned tomatoes finally three
wants a year of stone
can use if you have
ripe
even the guarantors
add sugar compensate
acidity and daddy for repairs
with cilantro 100 liters of boiling water
salted me a lot of things and 700
grams but 10g then turn off
out of 10
instead in the outback you can use
chicken breast or even walnut
at your discretion to be a low-calorie
poor appetite and all the best for now